README.md, before:

# Java Web Application Demo

## Versions

- v1: simple Tomcat 7.0 web: only an index.jsp
- v2: add a simple servlet page
- v3: add a simple mvc structure

### v3 : MVC

Tomcat 7.x Documentation : http://tomcat.apache.org/tomcat-7.0-doc/index.html

Read java.util.ServiceLoader for how ServiceLoader load Service Providers.
- Service: my-web-mvc/src/main/java/com/haroldgao/web/mvc/controller/*
- Service Providers: user-web/src/main/java/com/haroldgao/projects/user/web/controller/*

### v4 : JDBC

> **Requirement**: 
> Apache Derby installed in your server.

JDBC: Java DataBase Connectivity

Use javax.servlet.ServletContextListener to keep the object unique in global context.
- 

#### Use DriverManager

Read java.sql.DriverManager for how JDBC DriverManager load Drivers:
- read from dbc.drivers system property; then,
- use ServiceLoader load java.sql.Driver Service Providers

**NOTE**: Derby@10.15.2.0.jar auto provide dbc.drivers service, so no need to deploy in App; But Derby@10. 1.3.1.jar don't auto provide dbc.drivers service, so you need do it yourself.

#### or Use DataSource and JNDI

Read javax.sql.DataSource for how DataSource load DataBase drivers.

JNDI: Java Naming Directory Interface, http://tomcat.apache.org/tomcat-7.0-doc/jndi-resources-howto.html

Naming Directory structure is analogue to:

```text
ENV -> java:comp/env
                    /bean
                         /DBConnectionManager

=      java:comp/env/bean/DBConnectionManager
```

Commit message:

[v4]: make JDBC using DriverManager or JNDI

README.md, after:

# Java Web Application Demo

## Versions

- v1: simple Tomcat 7.0 web: only an index.jsp
- v2: add a simple servlet page
- v3: add a simple mvc structure
- v4: make JDBC using DriverManager or JNDI

### v3 : MVC

Tomcat 7.x Documentation : http://tomcat.apache.org/tomcat-7.0-doc/index.html

Read java.util.ServiceLoader for how ServiceLoader load Service Providers.
- Service: my-web-mvc/src/main/java/com/haroldgao/web/mvc/controller/*
- Service Providers: user-web/src/main/java/com/haroldgao/projects/user/web/controller/*

### v4 : JDBC using DriverManager or JNDI

> **Requirement**: 
> Apache Derby installed in your server.

JDBC: Java DataBase Connectivity

Use javax.servlet.ServletContextListener to keep the object unique in global context.

#### Use DriverManager

Read java.sql.DriverManager for how JDBC DriverManager load Drivers:
- read from dbc.drivers system property; then,
- use ServiceLoader load java.sql.Driver Service Providers

**NOTE**: Derby@10.15.2.0.jar auto provide dbc.drivers service, so no need to deploy in App; But Derby@10. 1.3.1.jar don't auto provide dbc.drivers service, so you need do it yourself.

#### or Use DataSource and JNDI

Read javax.sql.DataSource for how DataSource load DataBase drivers.

JNDI: Java Naming Directory Interface, http://tomcat.apache.org/tomcat-7.0-doc/jndi-resources-howto.html

Naming Directory structure is analogue to:

```text
ENV -> java:comp/env
                    /bean
                         /DBConnectionManager

=      java:comp/env/bean/DBConnectionManager
```
